in the 365 square kilm of land that make
up Gaza distance is usually no obstacle
for families Gathering
forid but invading Israeli forces have
divided it up separating relatives from
the comfort of loved
ones mamad arat can't reach his wife and
children in ning Gaza from his makeshift
tent in Dar B
I spent every Eid with my family now I
haven't seen them for the second success
of Eid it's during this time that we see
each other's families and friends this
Wars divided us and separated us
I want to tell the whole world that this
war on Gaza must stop immediately give
families a chance to be
reunited for Ali there are no more aids
for her children to look forward to with
their father he was killed in an Israeli
attack on their
home we were rescued from under the
rubble and immediately after that my
husband lost his life I got injured
together with my two sons and my little
daughter had her face burned my children
asked a lot about their father they
missed him the most during the holy
month of Ramadan and theid this Eid as
well they missed their father so
much surrounded by the ruins of their
homes Palestinians Gather in D gathered
despite the danger to
mark in times of Peace families in Gaza
are used to marking the Feast of
sacrifice with the traditional Slaughter
of an animal that's shared with those
less fortunate but Palestinians here
have little food left to survive on let
alone to
gift we used to enjoy EA in our house
with our relatives and slaughtered
livestock for Eid sacrifice we were all
happy Eid this year is quite dark as we
lost everything everything turned into
Rubble we have nothing left for us in
this life this is not the first
religious Festival Palestinians have
been forced to observe during
unimaginable loss and hardships but all
of them in CA are hoping it's the
last make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer